[PyTorch Bart] Split Bart into different models (#9343)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/model_doc/blenderbot.rst

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Blenderbot uses a standard `seq2seq model transformer <https://arxiv.org/pdf/1706.03762.pdf>`__ based architecture.
- Available checkpoints can be found in the `model hub <https://huggingface.co/models?search=blenderbot>`__.
- Note that :class:`~transformers.BlenderbotModel` has a different architecture than
  :class:`~transformers.BlenderbotModelSmall`. :class:`~transformers.BlenderbotSmall` should be used for the checkpoint

>   ``facebook/blenderbot-90M``.

Reviewer: Yes, and this should also link to the newly create blenderbort small doc page.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Blenderbot uses a standard `seq2seq model transformer <https://arxiv.org/pdf/1706.03762.pdf>`__ based architecture.
- Available checkpoints can be found in the `model hub <https://huggingface.co/models?search=blenderbot>`__.

> - Note that Blenderbot has a different architecture than BlenderbotSmall. The only BlenderbotSmall checkpoint is

Author: ```suggestion
- Note that :class:`~transformers.BlenderbotModel` has a different architecture than :class:`~transformers.BlenderbotModelSmall`. :class:`~transformers.BlenderbotSmall` should be used for the checkpoint
```

.. code-block::

        >>> from transformers import BlenderbotTokenizer, BlenderbotForConditionalGeneration
        >>> mname = 'facebook/blenderbot-400M-distill'
        >>> model = BlenderbotForConditionalGeneration.from_pretrained(mname)
        >>> tokenizer = BlenderbotTokenizer.from_pretrained(mname)
        >>> UTTERANCE = "My friends are cool but they eat too many carbs."
        >>> inputs = tokenizer([UTTERANCE], return_tensors='pt')
        >>> reply_ids = model.generate(**inputs)
        >>> print(tokenizer.batch_decode(reply_ids))

>         >>> # should return ["<s> That's unfortunate. Are they trying to lose weight or are they just trying to be healthier?</s>"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ["<s> That's unfortunate. Are they trying to lose weight or are they just trying to be healthier?</s>"]
```
The docstrings syntax is to have results in lines without `>>>`.

Author: That's very good to know! Thanks :-)
